= doubleweb

DoubleWeb watches and records Net::HTTP requests so that you can play the
responses back later. This is useful for tests, for instance to switch from
testing the network to testing canned responses.

== Example

    # Cache requests as YAML
    DoubleWeb.cache_strategy = :yaml
    DoubleWeb.cache.path = File.join(SPECDIR, 'fixtures', 'network.yaml')

    # Record network requests
    before(:all) { DoubleWeb.watch! }
    after(:all)  { DoubleWeb.unwatch! }

    # Playback network requests
    before(:all) { DoubleWeb.playback! }
    after(:all)  { DoubleWeb.stop_playback! }

In playback mode, DoubleWeb will return the recorded responses for each request
and will raise a `DoubleWeb::UnexpectedRequestError` for any requests that do
not have recorded responses.

== DoubleWeb.init!

DoubleWeb.init! lets you control DoubleWeb from your environment. For instance,
with the following in your spec/spec_helper.rb

    SPECDIR = File.dirname(__FILE__)

    require 'doubleweb'
    DoubleWeb.cache_strategy = :yaml
    DoubleWeb.cache.path = File.join(SPECDIR, 'fixtures', 'doubleweb.yaml')
    DoubleWeb.init!

DoubleWeb will be controlled by an "internet" environment variable. For instance:

[<tt>$ rake spec internet=on</tt>]    Disable DoubleWeb
[<tt>$ rake spec internet=watch</tt>] DoubleWeb in watch mode
[<tt>$ rake spec internet=off</tt>]   DoubleWeb in playback mode (internet disabled)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Rein Henrichs. See LICENSE for details.
